1. Take some time to consider the actual process of working on this particular project.  Much learning happens in the process of looking back on things.  Was it smooth or pretty rocky?  Why do you think that was? 

The beginning of this project was overwhelming and difficult to start. There were parts of the project where planning beforehand would have made the development process easier, such as deciding to use a selector instead of a grabber earlier. The card implementation was easiest to translate from "paper to code" since the outline was created in section. I also found using my Solitaire card logic helped streamline the development process. I thought my planning for this project was decent, but if I were to revisit it, I would plan out the details of the project and consider edge cases where players may run into issues--I had to sort out these errors while playtesting the game myself, which could have been fixed earlier with proper planning.

2. How does this project compare to previous projects you've worked on.  Feel free to compare it to any other projects you've worked on for any other class or in any other context (ie. passion project, game jam, prior work experience, internship, etc.)

A project I recently finished from Winter Quarter was the "Make the Fake" assignment, where students were assigned to create a game based on a clip from a TV show or drama. My knowledge of scenes and class structures transferred easily into Lua, since the concepts were taught broadly and not confined to one language. I find this course and this project specifically helped me learn more about game development patterns, which can be applied to any programming language.

3. What was the biggest triumph or thing you're proud of on this project?

I am proud of my selector implementation, which was inspired by the grabber sample code given in class. I find that this project will help me apply more game development patterns in my future projects.

4. What was the biggest annoyance, problem, failure, or area for future improvement?

I imagined my game to use more animations in my sprites, which was difficult to do with my limited knowledge. I hope that in the future, I can revisit this project and improve the animations and visuals of my game.

5. Would you want to work on something like this again?  Why or why not?

Yes! I would be excited to work on a project or assignment similar to this 3CG game. I find the creative freedom given to us, such as the layout, information presentation, and visuals, made the assignment more fun compared to a straightforward assignment with premade assets and strict rules. Letting the student decide card mana costs, win conditions, and the overall look of the project makes playtesting other students' games more exciting as well. I find the challenge of planning projects similar to this 3CG game rewarding.

6. Feel free to include any other insights, revelation, funny bug stories, or anything else you feel is relevant to what you learned from this project.

As a form of exposure therapy for the amount of error screens I've seen, I added the Love2D error screen background color to my project's buttons and mana icons. I think the exposure therapy is working bc I've started to embrace the Love2D error screen lol.